Just kidding
And who are you?
Is there such a thing as Mr. Zhang?
My Zhang family is the fifth of the Building Chamber of Commerce
One of the vice presidents
Why haven't I heard of this?
I think he's crazy
Still immersed
In your dream of being a temple owner?
Did you forget that you are just a small security guard?
All right.
Stop arguing, Brother Ru
The young master signed this letter of appointment
You are the real head of the night market group
Dad, are you so biased?
Don't even give me a chance to compete fairly?
It doesn't matter fair
I value people more
Old master, it's hard for you to bear the weight like this.
I, Ye Weixiong, guarantee such a big foundation
Could it be that you are still being influenced by the directors?
Sign you sign
I'll see who dares to disagree
Sign it now
While the root has the voice over
Ye Guolong
This is what you've been dreaming of, right?
Ye Tianci, do you dare to talk to me?
Come to a real rescue
Don't listen to him
You have no roots in the imperial capital, duckweed
There is nothing equal between you
Master you a thousand times
He is like a dragon, I learn
A room full of directors just trying to force me to open the door
Even with this contract
They won't be happy either
My good brother
I'll tear him apart for you.
But I'll put it there.
Even without this solution
You are not qualified to compete with me even if you leap like a dragon